The exchange to NTNU and Timini
From:https://www.facebook.com/notes/teep/the-exchange-to-ntnu-and-timini/532136800281830
February 10th to 17th, Qian mechanics classes (later referred to as "TEEP") organized seven students to the Norwegian University of Science and technology for a week-long exchange visit aiming to develop students' international vision and enhance students' knowledge of first-class foreign university education development, and thus promoting academic exchange of students.
Professor Zhang Zhiliang, director of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology Center for Nano-class teachers and his party welcomed the students warmly, and briefly described the history and culture of Norway and the NTNU’s teaching, research and other aspects.
 On the first day of the visit, the students participated in the Grey Goo forum hosted by the other side and heard the report of the Norwegian University of Science and technology students, for example, using fluorescence spectra of bacteria as a characteristic for the research of bacteria. After the speech of the industrial sector to explore the new technology, TEEP students have a general understanding of the local technology companies in the new technology. We were deeply impressed with the students and their rigorous academic attitude and spirit in-depth study. After the forum, TEEP Students Yang accepted the Norwegian National Radio (NRK) interview about his early experience in Norway and his impression of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology .
Accompanied by the student volunteers, TEEP students went to tour around the college campus ,and heard about the culture and characteristics of the course Expert Norwegian University of Science and Technology in Teamwork introduction.
In order to gain a deeper understanding of overseas education learning, TEEP students participated in the experimental class and electrical class, we think classroom model is not much different compared with the domestic, but the local student’s autonomy and more innovative thorough discussion session surprised us a lot. Subsequently, a student of Timini led the students visit the clean room of the nanotechnology lab of NTNU which they are most proud of., We strictly abide by the rules and regulations of the laboratory, put on clean sterile lab coat, and get close access to the equipment that is very advanced in nanotechnology .He also introduced the nano-imprint technology to us, which inspires us a lot.
At the same time, the organizers also arranged a series of cultural exchange activities for us so that the exchanges can be more broad and deep. For some existing problems of Norway we conducted a series of brainstorming, such as, how the construction of high-speed rail in Norway will come true, how to build and use the "Dyson ring" ,how to survive on a new planet, and so on. Students found that the Timini labs is similar to our own laboratory in Tsinghua, both aiming at finding new ideas worth trying. In addition, students prepared their own national cooking specialties at the restaurant and share them, in order to taste exotic. TEEP Students who had not cooked dumplings on their own before, managed to serve everyone dumplings by working together. Yet another is that two students were introduced to their table games and race packet, the two students to each other and forged a profound friendship, leaving unforgettable memories. These activities are at the end of the day trip at night time, it is thus making everyone scheduling of activities to become more enriched.
Local evening of February 16, the Norwegian University of Science and Technology held a farewell dinner, we shared insights, and TEEP students said they had a productive session.
And we were happy to go there and get to know the country and the good people.
The following are from the reports of 7 students to exchange thoughts.
Kan Lei, Grade 3: Listening to the speech of the company when I was still in deep thought. To my great surprise, the companies are set not because there is a certain market and the technology is all mature, but more is just because one has a new technology, or even new ideas to create company. Such companies often have only a few employees, and it reminds me of Apple founder Steve Jobs who also had only three people at the beginning, but it is such a company eventually became a giant. Before, Apple's just a legend, but today I saw in Norway after this group of people, I deeply realize how an excellent technical staff use new technologies to "change the world."
   
Ce Yang, Grade 3: Sophisticated instruments certainly will not be a problem for me, and the inner workings of the instrument will be more apparent. This mentality will change our attitude toward research. Last night we also exchanged on the courses, and we found our curriculum is quite similar, but in scientific research projects, we find the projects we are doing now are not as “cool” ad theirs. I think this gap is psychological. That may be where we are left behind.
   
Binquan Zhu, Grade 3:There are mainly four people who cre for us, Mari, Mette, Thorstein and Sigmund. And I learned later that the exchange, are organized by Timini student associations themselves. And it is quite sweet for them to help us arrange everything, even the day of the bus site are written on schedule. And they are only sophomores, juniors only. I admire their ability. After several days of exchanges, I learned that, if they are to apply for jobs in industry, these social work would be an important achievement after their score items.
Feiyu Xiao, Grade 2: In probably the sixth day, we wre invited to listen to the teacher Zhang Zhiliang forum. Zhang is working on Division Fracture mechanics, and he told us about his own research group and research directions and some results in recent years. Although in fact some of Zhang's research were very strange to me, , but one of his research on carbon nanotubes plasticity attracted me because of his research methods used and the object of study inspires me. I conducted an SRT project which has some similarities, though my focus differs from his, but I am studying on Graphene, a two-dimensional material, too. But I can learn from the ideas and methods, so I immediately after returning home to find his research papers. This is a learning accidentally, and I did it. If I should conclude what I experience and learnt in Norway, I may say: Maybe I can only gain little new knowledge of this visit, but some people I became friends with, something we share and some ideas I thought out these days can always motivate me to step forward in my life. Thank you, l love that place and people there. 
   
Siqi Liu, Grade two: Parting is always not happy, and we crossed the Norwegian students sitting on the table, chatting cheerfully. All these let us forget that this is the last time together. We taught them a lot of Chinese words, a lot of Chinese tourist destination recommendations, but also teach them to use Weichat, hoping to be able to communicate more.  Mary is always a Queen, Mette accompanied us the longest of the most gracious, Thorstein and Sigmund also helped us a lot in life, and there are a lot of people I do not remember their names, but I remember every minute of the happy time we share together.
   
Weican Li, Grade 1:  It is worth mentioning that, in the student cafeteria for dinner, Wang apparently "forced" us to eat with students of Timini, that makes us truly finish ice-breaking. Seven days in the knowledge it is difficult to learn too many things can be for understanding the world. I have been abroad with my parents, but not a single time can affect me that deeply. 
   
Hao Liu, Grade 1: In a beautiful night we joined the discussion Timini, we expressed our views that sound ridiculous , like how to build a future solar system ring Ring to collect solar energy, how professional image to build a railroad across the Strait. We communicate with each other about the knowledge in the future. This is my happiest night at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. I also made a lot of friends, and I am more confident that I will explore the frontiers of science over the limits of human cognition to make great contributions to the development and construction of power sources, schools and faculties given opportunities and support to extend my most sincere thanks, then, will be more firm and forward.
   
   
  中文版：
  http://cnmm.tsinghua.edu.cn/teep/#!/news/all/qian-ban-yao-wen/1950ce0fe862f81b
